A beating father
I'll let you die today
What are you still doing?
Chop up this soldier for me
Go back and tell Ye Chenxi
Let him wash his neck and wait for me
Ye Feifei
You wait for me.
I will dig up this life and death one day
I declare that the recipient of the Tai Chi diagram is Ye Feifan
Mr. Ye
Mom, I finally got the Taiji map.
Blackboard congratulations
Extraordinary since you have 100 billion funds
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Extraordinary, it was Auntie who blamed you before
Don't take it personally!
You see, Qingyao still has you in her heart
In this way, Auntie will find an auspicious day for the emperor
It's good to get your marriage done
don't
The marriage contract is ruined
Between me and the Shen family
It doesn't matter anymore
White-eyed wolf gives shameless trash
If it weren't for our Shen family, he would have died long ago
Mom is extraordinary, he has helped us a lot.
If it weren't for him, our company would have gone bankrupt long ago
No chance
Become one of the four families in the middle and lower classes?
Qian You, since he was willing to help us before
It shows that we still have a chance.
So you can find a chance to ask him out.
Boil life into water
Wait until the raw rice is cooked
Ye Feifan's 500 billion is also mine